Boundary Docs (#2907)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/boundary/v1.0.x/content/docs/concepts/credential-management.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: Credential management in Boundary
description: >-

>   Choose between credential brokering and credential injection to authenticate Boundary users to targets, and compare the security considerations of each method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use credential brokering and credential injection to authenticate Boundary users to targets, and compare the security considerations of each method.
```

# START AUTO GENERATED METADATA, DO NOT EDIT
created_at: 2025-11-18T17:04:41-05:00
last_modified: 2026-01-26T14:35:46-05:00
# END AUTO GENERATED METADATA
---

> # Credential management in Boundary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Credential management
```
